so I'm gonna take the couches over to
Jake Paul's house the only catch is that
he's gonna have to fight me in order to
get the crazy you might say I like crazy
he wanted to challenge you to a boxing
match yo listen to me you're not gonna
last you in a sec swear to god with your
problem with you know I told Eric that
this is not a good idea and I stand by
that welcome to episode three of the
couch series now in case you missed
episode number one basically I explained
that I recently bought Logan Paul's
$90,000 mercedes-benz couches and this
is part of the couch series well we're
splitting that couch up into four
different sections and taking your top
comments from these videos and bringing
them into real life there's Eric working
on the next video already that's how far
ahead we work in episode number three
we're going to go ahead and tackle the
number one comment which is take the
couches - Jake Paul's house and of
course I'm not gonna do this just
normally I can't just drop the couches
off at Jake Paul's house so what I'm
gonna do is drop the couches off at CH
C's house who is a big youtuber who
customizes things after zhc finishes
customizing them we'll take them over to
Jake Paul's house the only catch is that
he's gonna have to fight me in order to
get them crazy you might say I like
crazy welcome to episode 3 and you may
be wondering why would you want to fight
Jay Paul and I don't the only reason
that I want to try to do this is because
a few months back when I first started
my channel I had 1500 subscribers at
that time oh you probably like some 500
subscribers I'm at 1500 right now
quickly growing and I snuck into Jake
Paul's fight and that was the video that
finally sent my channel on an upward
trajectory so I thought this could be a
great opportunity for a full-circle
moment where only 3 months ago I watched
a Jake pulling off the absolute it's out
of somebody - now 3 months later where
I'm fighting him back to the story first
I needed the hit up zhc who is a
youtuber who's popular for his
customization projects so I sent him a
DM on Instagram and a day later he said
he was down so immediately we went to go
pick up the couches to move them to Z H
C's as you can see here this is damaged
because of this damage Logan gave me
back $500 rather than catching this in
for myself I'm gonna be giving this away
to one of you guys all you to do is go
follow on instagram at air
one of you guys will be the lucky winner
behind the scenes much more why would
you not and we made our way to ch C's
house the king of customization to drop
off the couches
every time that we moved these couches
brother bigger all right so we're done
here at DHCS house now we took the
weight like a week or so let him do what
he does
to get back I plugged in the addresses
the H C's house and realized that he
lived they hold two hours away and I
just wasn't sure $1,500 Mercedes Benz
was gonna make it
but frickin I said so we drove all the
way to Z agencies day and a half just
like raining it out the entire day the
couch looked amazing and it was time to
take it to its final destination
Jake Paul we're coming for you buddy
we're coming for you zhc right here
shoutout so we loaded up the couches and
we're on our way until this happened oh
no smoke in here dude the car had
completely stopped working we have to
get these couches to Jay Paul's house
today it's literally the only day that
we can do this I remember - buried email
from a logistics company who said if I
ever needed a truck they had my back
Brian how's it going you guys happen to
have any trucks available today that'll
be able to move like some pretty big
cargo like ASAP like like today sorry
dude I'm sorry
yeah yeah go for it there's no way 100%
yeah yeah yeah bye dude what the Frick
bro dude how do we how does this always
work out bro
it looks legit shoutout turn-key dot
turkey do t so after an hour-long uber
ride we had arrived an hour ago
look at this why for the next hour this
entire team wrapped this truck and moved
the couches into the back to get it
ready to drop off a jig Paul's house
this is Brian Brian would love to give
you a taste like for this we do mobile
tears and Event Services
cooler brands and marketing agencies
this is the unique one I'm not gonna lie
haha you guys freaking I don't know
today would not be possible without
these guys to seriously shout out go
check them out and what we're talking
about promotion this video is sponsored
by current oh hey there so current is
actually a mobile bank that's a physical
debit card and gets you paid up to two
days now that means if you normally get
paid on a Friday you'll be getting paid
on a Wednesday instead current has no
overdraft fees up to a hundred dollars
and no hidden fees either
yes current is a real bank and if you're
under 18 you can absolutely have an
account you can find me on current era
- pow bro well we were waiting for the
rap I decided to call Tanner Fox and get
some advice yeah so hypothetically do
you think it would be a bad idea to get
in the ring with Jay Paul with my
newfound confidence we headed for Jake
Paul's house but you make one stop and
get some boxing gloves since you know
I'd never fought before I'm gonna beat
this brother Jay Paul with you and
finally we had arrived at Jake Paul's
house whoa dude I'll see you on the
other side so with me in the back we
approached the front door
what good what's good bro everything's
good you got a burrito home che a
breakfast rolls here's the deal all
right we got a little surprise for you
okay in the truck you want to come down
Erik Erik baby so explain to me this yes
your name is Erik yes but then your
channels Erik yes we got a really dope
thing for you what's going on
custom-made the only thing is if you
want it guys is anyone elses feet burn
burning thank you bro to get the prize
yeah you're gonna have to fight for it
funny here's the one one veal is we
brought somebody else
with jokes aside it was time for the
reveal yeah I was kind of thinking that
you looked different I look different he
wanted to challenge you to a boxing
match for the surprise Oh me yeah if
you're down it's not bad I'm kind of
impressed
you want to spar right now yeah I guess
I would give you 45 seconds so if I beat
him inspiring then he's got some fun now
that I was properly fired up it was time
to get wrapped up and ready for the
fight this is about this is a bad idea
that's a good idea
okay cool thanks so basically what's
happening right now is a drunk Jake Paul
is gonna be fighting an Eric Decker he
wants to spar me the kids got heart
what does Vic saying over there what's
he giving you maximum of two minutes
like you look like you ran the 800 meter
in high school I did run the and they
made me sign something called the death
waiver
it's basically definitely we're just if
you like die sure sure sure so it's like
a team ten contract so I I had to get
hydrated
that's on it bro what to learn lesson
learned okay I don't know and then there
was this guy who wasn't my biggest fan
so honest question does he have any
fighting experience zero he ran he ran
the 800 meters oh you're not gonna
listen listen yo listen to me you're not
gonna last Eunice I swear to God have
you met my body
so real there's no if you want to come
over here fight and fight don't come
over here and be like old can head your
big gloves put the little gloves on and
man all right with you brought with you
don't touch me the second of all if you
want to ahead you the support was
overwhelming and incredible no I told
Eric that this was not a good idea and I
stand by that all right let's do baby
after a long road of refining my boxing
skills I was excited to enter the realm
of youtuber boxing and I was ready for
my first challenge in life got choices
to step into Lois and to back down today
I have chosen just step up lolly gonna
win right I'm really gonna win I'm going
to win and just like that
round one had begun
my plane was going perfect we would be
surprising him in no time as you can see
I really was making you come back this
gives you already Dutch dude you made it
through one round you've got to keep
those arms up keep moving yeah looks
longer than give row a life lumpy
they're good and it wasn't around too
get off - get out get this
Matt you got it
break
and just like that my plan had worked I
had let Jake win so that we could give
him his gift I got a short stack the
Jake man what a freaking day though boys
right we talked about the osaki keep up
the good work bro you got potential
thanks boss appreciate that you're my
bleeding anywhere oh yeah there and
there and from your gums
I feel great dude I want something from
winning that fight you did when so
Barrymore and it's actually really gonna
give me that like the time had finally
come you works Arthur you were and
you're surprised you're ready for it I
got a surprise bro yeah brother yeah and
then now you're just giving it back to
people to you specifically yeah yes
honestly one of the colleges in the
world of satin I before listen though
they're not just the uncomfortable
couches we did a little customization by
me I mean the youtubers DHC some of
their cut is the customized customized
couches customized couches yeah oh wow
Owens crazy bro there's like moons and
Pluto damn bro thank you so much yeah I
really love it yeah Jake was so excited
he could barely control his emotion so
we moved the couch directly into the
front of his drive away thanks again to
turnkey dot4 freaking doing this this is
crazy dude this is a mobile tourist
account and a big shout-out to current
as well thanks for caring for sponsoring
this video and of course we had to make
a certain call what's up guy oh what's
up baby
we're just bar it's worth it's worth $10
you wanna know what I'm about to do I
don't even think Eric's ready for this
I'm about to host an art show for these
couches and I am going to put them up
for auction at a quarter-million dollars
because I'm selling the world's most
famous couches or kitchen
I'll see you later and we all watched as
Jake enjoyed his new gift I would rather
sit on a piece of dog oh it's so great
to be sitting like this today we came
out here bought Jack Paul that's pretty
much it I'm leaving
[Applause]
[Music]00:00
welcome to Episode one where we'll be
00:01
trading a mercedes-benz couch for an
00:03
actual Mercedes it suits you look at
00:17
this sorry but it's one of like ask
00:23
right now is this a prank or no yes dude
00:35
hey guys welcome to I like to call the
00:38
couch series most of you probably know I
00:40
recently bought Logan Paul's $90,000
00:42
couches let's go the studio let's cut
00:44
the cameras and just chop it up and now
00:46
I have to figure out what to do with
00:48
that so here's how the couch series is
00:50
gonna go the couches are made up of four
00:51
separate pieces and our goal is to take
00:54
these four pieces and collaborate with
00:55
as many youtubers as possible and create
00:57
a culture around the couches couch
00:59
culture I like to call it so every week
01:02
for the next few weeks I'll be uploading
01:03
an episode of the couch series where we
01:05
will be doing increasingly crazy things
01:07
that you guys have requested in the
01:08
comments section welcome to Episode one
01:10
where we'll be trading a mercedes benz
01:12
couch for an actual mercedes a lot of
01:14
people will encourage me to fake this
01:16
one but you guys know I'm not gonna do
01:18
that so here's the planet we're gonna
01:20
take one of the couches that Logan Paul
01:21
has declared unsellable and either trade
01:24
in or sell this couch for an actual car
01:26
how we do this I literally have no clue
01:29
but we will do it I promise you that so
01:31
the plane is to call mercedes-benz
01:32
dealerships a luxury car places post
01:35
craigslist ads Facebook marketplace ads
01:37
whatever we need to do to sell or trade
01:39
in a couch for a car so here we go
01:41
here's episode number one I started the
01:44
week by calling every mercedes-benz
01:45
dealership in California until I got
01:47
amazing so with a minimal commitment
01:56
from mercedes-benz I went to Los Angeles
01:57
anyway and met up with youtuber Eric
02:01
I also wanted to run the idea past a few
02:04
people I like I've been talking to a
02:05
mercedes-benz dealership and they're
02:07
like going to trade it in for an actual
02:08
car I'm just here for the ride today's
02:16
our first day in Los Angeles today the
02:18
main goal is to somehow trade a couch
02:21
for actual Mercedes Benz so we've got
02:23
one on the line we're gonna go pick up a
02:25
truck a trailer and see if we can't
02:27
trade these things in for an actual car
02:29
another important thing to know about
02:30
this series is that when I went got
02:32
those couches Logan Paul gave me back
02:33
$500 in cash because he broke one of my
02:36
couches at the end of the series I'll be
02:38
giving away the 5 under dollars to one
02:39
of you guys all you've to do is go
02:40
follow me on Instagram at Air Act also
02:42
on Instagram you guys can see the behind
02:44
the scenes hints that kind of thing
02:45
about how the series is being done how
02:47
we're progressing so it's kind of a
02:48
no-brainer are you are you following me
02:50
you're not following my lynnster ok well
02:52
go follow me on Instagram first we went
02:54
to Home Depot to get a trailer and then
02:55
to Tanner Fox's warehouse where the
02:57
couches have been sitting for the past
02:58
week I haven't seen them in so long it
03:04
been like taking care of these couches
03:06
for the last week no problem at all no
03:08
problem what am I talking about it's
03:11
just a pilot because you're never here
03:13
I went to go just admire Tanner's car
03:15
but then he said take around the block
03:17
no this is maybe one of the worst
03:21
decisions you've ever made it let me
03:23
drive this
03:24
I think I'm gonna be sick after that
03:30
back to the plant we loaded up the
03:32
couches and headed out for Riverside
03:34
California but there was this one
03:36
problem I have not heard back today so
03:38
I'm gonna call the head of the
03:40
mercedes-benz dealership we were
03:42
immediately forwarded to voicemail if he
03:43
doesn't hit me back we literally don't
03:45
have a plan B so we tried calling the
03:46
assistant we don't have return flights
03:57
home we literally can't leave LA unless
03:59
we trade this couch for a car we have no
04:01
other option we're just gonna call all
04:04
the mercedes-benz dealerships try to get
04:05
it done and they said another no in the
04:12
books let's go baby
04:13
this that means this episode's gonna
04:15
come out late which is a bummer for you
04:17
guys for me in the next few days were
04:20
brutal all right it is 8:30 in the
04:22
morning the next day day three of trying
04:24
to sell the couches today is day four
04:26
I'm trying to sell this couch I'm gonna
04:29
make a bunch of craigslist post facebook
04:30
posts call every single mercedes-benz
04:32
dealership in California to make sure
04:34
that we get this couch gone and that's
04:36
exactly what I did I posted this couch
04:37
literally everywhere on the internet and
04:39
I have gotten no leads at all nobody's
04:43
interested so then we thought who has to
04:45
say yes the pawn shops don't punch punch
04:48
up have to sell my willpower was
04:55
dwindling
04:57
okay and we reached out to other
04:59
youtubers who may be interested yes
05:00
three for example it's in their name
05:02
they have to say yes yo
05:10
you know means some good-ass pressure GT
05:14
date Oh g'day bro all this stuff is like
05:18
like horror I remember putting code in
05:20
the video about his apartment yeah so by
05:22
this couch in that video code eco points
05:24
out that GT is into stark white
05:25
uncomfortable furniture which was
05:27
perfect I don't think I don't feel like
05:29
you'd ever like sit down that couch ah
05:32
beautiful Oh
05:35
so we actually DM GT day but he didn't
05:37
have space we hit up Bobby minster
05:40
famous for his billionaire son series he
05:42
wasn't interested
05:42
I also remember faze rug had a few
05:44
Mercedes number yeah I only had phase
05:47
rugs number because a secret source had
05:48
given it to me for a previous video
05:49
which meant our text message history was
05:51
nothing so I decided to send him this
05:53
Ezra what's up man
05:54
I recently you might recognize me from
05:56
Logan halls blog where I recently
05:57
purchased his $90,000 mercedes-benz
06:00
couches I thought that you might be
06:01
interested I'm looking for a highest
06:03
bidder you can literally bid $100 and
06:06
buy these couches off of me so I sent it
06:08
but only a few minutes later so
06:17
basically and after explaining the story
06:19
of the couch so we're trying to actually
06:21
like find somebody who will keep the
06:23
couch if you're into it yeah dude if you
06:33
have any extra can reach out I'll
06:34
definitely I'll definitely take a couple
06:36
of Kombucha 'z as well yes yes yes that
06:44
works we had done it
06:56
we just sold the couch the kombucha King
06:58
bro oh my gosh
07:01
so the next morning we picked up the
07:02
couches this is Round two I feel very
07:04
good that we will sell the couches today
07:08
we're going to GT Dave's house he's
07:11
gonna buy him for sure and headed to GT
07:13
so we are one minute away from GT Dave's
07:15
house I'm nervous to me GT day bro and
07:17
then
07:20
well how is this happening right now
07:23
brought garbage 1/2 inch ET days how is
07:26
literally so we unloaded the couches for
07:28
a demo and then oh it's right here he's
07:30
right here you've been we've been trying
07:37
to find someone to sell these conscious
07:38
to for over a week now yeah and it's
07:41
been crazy but uh we're excited we think
07:44
this might be a good fit for you yeah I
07:46
think so it's a pretty sweet couch first
07:48
he insisted on giving us a tour of the
07:50
home we saw it in Cody's video and like
07:52
like seeing it on cameras nothing like
07:55
seeing it in person this is insane this
07:57
is a beautiful GZ we could put this sofa
08:00
I mean I that sounds nice I think I
08:04
think we'll the really head out here
08:05
yeah just like imagine just think these
08:11
are pretty comfortable these are very
08:12
comfy
08:13
have you guys seen this it's a stainless
08:15
steel dish but when you walk up to it oh
08:17
oh wow wow that's actually I don't know
08:21
when it stops whoa dude keep going
08:23
forward
08:24
ou can see yourself so clearly this is
08:26
crazy
08:27
Wow I'll show you this last piece yeah I
08:29
mean no bluey speed walk for signature
08:32
style that she would paint with
08:34
menstruation blood oh this is actually
08:36
demonstration blood of another woman
08:38
because she was clearly barren but but
08:40
is it better than logan Paul's couch is
08:43
the quads yeah that's right
08:46
you're trying to close the deal we
08:49
wouldn't be laughing for long because
08:50
then the unexpected happened so it's
08:56
kind of hairy you don't like it um I
08:58
mean it's not really a sofa because so
09:00
far I think kinda like hugs you back
09:03
that's kind of the author though right
09:04
maybe that it pushes back and say like
09:07
you know can't rejects you you want more
09:09
it suits you look at this yeah you look
09:11
pretty good on that you do um yeah I
09:15
mean even for me I like it some tough
09:18
furniture but this might be just a tad
09:21
too much you're telling us the guy with
09:23
the concrete furniture this couch is
09:25
like too tough for you yeah yeah I don't
09:29
know if I'm into it guys I'm sorry I
09:31
know you brought it out here and I'm
09:43
sorry but like again I'd be pissed off
09:46
if I actually had to sit on this longer
09:48
than five minutes you're not interested
09:52
no I don't think so I'm sorry I'm just
09:55
not vibing it you know if we found some
09:57
period blood and maybe drew little baby
10:01
fighters we had lost everything could
10:05
load them back up from here all right
10:06
just be careful don't scratch anything
10:09
that was all set a bit GT was actually
10:12
the coolest guy on planet earth he even
10:13
gave us some kombucha but we still don't
10:15
have anybody to sell these to we're
10:16
gonna have to take this video I don't
10:18
want to pick this video guys so we
10:20
headed back to drop off the trailer but
10:21
then I've got a text message from none
10:23
other than faze rug hope it's a yes bro
10:26
please say yes I'm down bro I've seen
10:27
some of your videos yes yes yes yes so
10:32
up you're a two-hour drive and a ticket
10:34
we made it to pays rugs house
10:40
and we made our way to the backyard to
10:43
see where the couches would go in that
10:45
area it's pretty big huh it's big dude
10:47
okay big so did all this that you're
10:50
doing is gonna be one big yo-yo
10:52
no way that's a guys you better all
10:54
subscribe you see the grind he's going
10:56
through right now and then it was time
10:57
to show him the couches oh my god are
11:00
you sure this is real dude yell it
11:02
unload them let's hang him now I gotta
11:04
test it out before I put like a bid in
11:05
no and we unloaded the couches again
11:07
hopefully the last time time for your
11:10
maiden voyage baby phase rogue review
11:13
the cushion of it definitely isn't the
11:15
best quality it's like an art piece
11:18
right yeah yeah yeah it's like more of
11:19
an art piece than a couch cool design so
11:22
what do you think is this something that
11:23
you'd be interested in this is
11:24
definitely something that we can use in
11:25
our back yard and then it came time for
11:27
the bidding war would you accept a
11:28
hundred bucks how about 150
11:30
how about 200 300 500 take it or leave
11:33
it bro I if you I'd say maybe just go
11:36
for like a good 90k just get the whole
11:38
thing yeah honestly we agreed on Italian
11:41
but she'll in five counting and if he
11:43
doesn't let's just take these and get
11:44
the out of your 750 $1,000 take it or
11:49
leave it and that's it so I sold what
11:51
are you doing but my reputation almost
11:53
got in the way it's what I like asked
11:54
right now is this a prank or no no like
11:57
its legit you're letting me keep that
11:58
100% I know I have a reputation of
12:00
pranking people represent yours I'm
12:02
surprising and sneak into my house so we
12:05
took the couch to its new home and rugs
12:07
backyard that looks from the future bro
12:08
that doesn't look real and of course we
12:10
had to get a few reactions they
12:20
literally brought it down to San Diego
12:25
bro it's just so iconic it's hell iconic
12:29
what's up what's up baby look at this
12:35
look at this ready
12:37
dude it's in my backyard I got your
12:39
couch that's for me to know and you to
12:43
find out baby yo can you guess how much
12:46
I paid $1,000 well I got a steal so with
12:52
our new couch money we went back to LA
12:53
and started asking random Mercedes Benz
12:55
owners for their cars we found the guy
13:01
who was willing to let me test drive his
13:03
car and take it on the spot an extra car
13:05
they weren't using they actually run a
13:06
non-profit which is super cool so the
13:08
proceeds from this is actually gonna go
13:09
to feeding like three to five hundred
13:11
people and after counting the cash and
13:12
signing over the title just body car bro
13:16
we own this car for this car as I paid
13:23
for a boost appreciate that bro
13:31
we freaking did it yes yes dude oh my
13:36
gosh dude it has been days Oh put a put
13:41
a name down in the comments the top
13:43
comment will be the new name of the Benz
13:45
that's pretty much it
13:47
I'm leaving
13:53
[Music]so recently Logan Paul posted on his
Instagram story that he was trying to
get rid of his $90,000 couches no one
was gonna buy this couch so I'm gonna
have to do oh hey you look really tall
today anyway we all know that I have a
history with Logan Paul like other
celebrities he has been the target of my
trolling for the past few months and
recently he posted on his Instagram
story that he's trying to get rid of his
$90,000 Mercedes Benz couches to buy
these fucking couches for me please
their $90,000 total is a Mercedes Benz
Koch's a bunch of people sent this to me
said I should buy these couches and then
somebody sent me this clip from the
podcast
did you sell this I mean everything
about those cautions is problematic
including the fact that they they suck
so after a few weeks I finally realized
no one was gonna buy this couch so I'm
gonna have to do it the idea is to go
all the way to Logan Paul's house we're
gonna coordinated moving truck then buy
the couch wait why are you so tall again
geez dude I don't know it's a sore
subject the only catch is that the
moving truck is not to move the couches
out it's to move me and once I've
purchased the couch that couches now my
property and I'm going to leave that
property inside of Logan Paul's house
got owned does that work legally I don't
know but Oh Eric where are you gonna get
$20,000 to get give me a second I'm
gonna explain okay so given our past I
know Logan probably wouldn't sell the
couch to me
I contacted Logan's team about the couch
using a fake email and negotiated the
price down to seventeen thousand five
hundred dollars what a steal and they
wanted to get on the phone to confirm
that we were real people so I bought a
fake Los Angeles phone number the only
problem is that she wants Logan Paul's
manager Jeff to be on the call who in no
relation to this project I was on
Instagram video call with for about an
hour like two days ago
so I recruited my roommate Jordan to be
our fake furniture buyer these couches I
saw the picture would be perfect I love
the shape I love the color the nice
scent to you that 17:5 number
once the couch was reserved I hit up my
boy David and said David I need a brand
deal to cover this couch and that's
where current comes in current as a
sponsor of today's video and we can talk
more about that later but right now I
just need to get to Los Angeles but
before that I needed to withdraw the
money in cash 17,500 and I did it in 20s
to make it as inconvenient as Ponce's
what 17,500 ollars looks like and I had
to figure out a socially distance
approved form of transportation we're
about to take this thing all the way to
California we flipped a coin for
front/back see a cheeseheads heads
that did not actually happen but I did
make it to Los Angeles and the boys from
reckless Ben picked me up now that I was
in LA it was time to fill on the team on
how everything would go down okay these
are the boys of reckless Ben so today
we're gonna be doing a little thing
called vine woven Paul's $90,000 pouch
and after taking time to explain the
entire plan to them good but not
everybody felt that way I can't kick you
out no but the art that's what they're
gonna do there you are professional
homebuyer then you're a professional
mover if you're somebody is this that's
that's my money right now you're just
like hoping that you're gonna get this
good so right now this is all my money
so the video today is sponsored by
current however that does not cover the
entirety of the couch so I'm betting my
own money that this video idea will
hopefully work high-risk high-reward you
know what I mean so Kern is actually a
mobile bank and they have a physical
debit card that gets you paid up to two
days faster so if you normally get paid
on Friday that means instead you'll be
getting paid on Wednesday which is two
days faster sick no yes current is a
real Bank and if you're under the age of
eighteen you can absolutely have an
account you can find me on current era
it only takes two minutes to sign up and
your current card will be shipped to you
for free
what so download current now I have to
go by Logan Paul stupid couch now okay
first things first we need to get our
moving truck to move all of my stuff in
and buy all my stuff I just mean a
pillow and a blanket and the next stop
was Logan's
all right so we're approaching Logan
Paul's house there's been an enormous
process leading up to this moment right
here probably three weeks ago to a month
ago of negotiating back their team
scheduling things and then now to flying
all the way out to Los Angeles this
morning you and Logan Paul you have a
big history together
this could be the thing that finally
like fixes everything for you guys and
when we got a couple blocks away it was
time for me to get in the back it's all
come down to this
all right boys we'll see you inside I'm
waiting for my moment to shine baby
is that his house right there yeah thank
you for giving down finally we had our
first contact with the team okay I do I
may just go ahead and pull in dude we're
getting it immediately we're driving
straight dude really got access
things were looking good until Danny saw
our camera we busy filming okay and I
got asked you guys are serious yeah
we're absolutely buying this yes we're
absolutely buying this I cannot to tell
ya so we just won't be able to do
anything
okay so they're not gonna do anything
into the coins here Danny was set on
counterfeit checking each and every bill
while in the meantime like an hour now
I'm sorry to say that inside
after over an hour of negotiating it
sounded like nothing was gonna happen
unless the client showed up okay the
back
yeah chase your dreams and just as
everything was looking terrible we met
the one guy who could help us it was
Logan's manager Jeff the same guy who
had done a video call with me earlier
that week and he walked us right up to
the front of the house here was Logan's
reaction I'm so excited to be here
[Music]
interviewed me a jape spy and they came
here and then and Dan Bilzerian part of
you snuck in I did well I'm gonna be
honest you're the most persistent
fucking person I've ever met in my life
can you give me the tours it's not the
couches but you right is this a serious
you think I came all the way at
California to your house to not buy a
couch you what I mean with a sick bay
that's what I think let me see those
while you're checking us out can I get
it toward the couch for one dude yeah
okay so this one's white and that was
great I heard these sounds what's up
what's the deal and it was time to make
the reveal that I would be sleeping at
Logan Paul's house okay any jokes
there you go so much they call so much
yeah that's nice dude I mean I can't
really complain so you have passion man
oh yeah these are my couches now I'm
just gonna sleep on these now here so it
was fine to sit here it's technically my
property you're right you're right what
are you gonna do with these couches I'm
going to sleep here on the couches how'd
you get the money how did you gran deal
really kind of is this is your video
sponsored yes you son of a you smartest
fuck oh man he's got Drive ingenuity
well what point do we just like might
live in the house yeah let's have a
meeting of your on the couch with why
don't so funny I talked to the last week
blow again why why somebody put me on to
him
you just said hey have you seen this I'm
like yo these videos are actually
fucking fucking good let me reach out to
this guy and see what's going on it's
that kid it's that what it's a kid with
the blue eyes I know you've seen him
before you said he was the Iron Man kid
and then it was time to work through our
beef I'm not gonna lie when you show up
to my house at one time kind of pissed
me off
well yeah that was him so you didn't
recognize me out there how you tubers
are really clear about people not
showing up to their houses and it kind
of rubbed me the wrong way but I
understood but this rub me the right way
you're rubbing me the right way now my
one birthday wish that I actually wanted
was for someone to buy these couches and
you did it and now I mean you got a
contract listen listen I came here to do
whatever interviews I need to do in
order to become someone who is
collaborating with this team on a
regular basis and also I'm gonna be
sleeping on this couch for the next
while so I hear anybody to know each
other for a while
and so began the Great War of the
couches
you have no spot for these couches oh I
do it's right here I'm not the first but
we'll leave one here one of the you all
that's a good deal
there's no I can't shake this groan of
others but there's no way that you've
rented a u-haul that is really don't
know the couch is up into the fucking
van both of them break them down load
them up let sauce through talk for five
minutes bring me to the meeting I'll
just figure it out
unbelievable dude I'm the cash buyer
here being taken advantage of so after
the War of the century we ended up
having to take the couches home but I
made sure to protest by doing absolutely
no work and making them do all good
intensive labor listen I know you're
thinking but there is a good ending
coming up I promise I just wanted to say
I hope you guys have enjoyed the locum
Paul series and at this point I don't
really know what else you could do so if
you want to see me work with the
Maverick team go leave a comment on the
video let's try to get the top comment
on Logan's vlog let's call it higher Air
Act 2020 I like that also will ask
thanks to current for sponsoring the
video make sure you use the link in my
description to grab your current card
please and thank you Logan broke the
couch in the process they're gonna be a
nice little discount
give him 500 bucks to fix that pages and
we proceeded to fill the entire van up
with all $90,000 worth of couch he goes
through the rest part to comment below
top comment is what we will do with
those $90,000 loading wall couches
there's no part to cuz no one else is
gonna buy these couches and finally the
moment came let's go the studio let's
cut the cameras and just chop it up more
on that in episode 2 that's pretty much
it I'm leaving let me do now we have to
figure out what to do with it finally
meet you
music
[Music]00:02
hey guys how they gone I need to read
00:05
through this email before I start to
00:06
make sure what I can and cannot say okay
00:09
so I know I don't do a lot of these face
00:11
to face style of videos but sometimes
00:13
it's good we gotta go we gotta give em
00:15
the same page about some things I know
00:16
today's video is called I got something
00:18
about getting sued bro probably but
00:21
actually today's video is an unboxing
00:23
video weren't expecting that one I know
00:25
the first package we're gonna box you
00:27
before I get into things I wonder what
00:28
this is
00:29
boy Oh Frick this is sick nice and thick
00:32
public my hoodie's like I like my
00:34
milkshakes and that right there is only
00:36
box one out of three on to the next
00:40
thing so I've got to be really careful
00:41
about what all I say in this video yeah
00:44
it's tough long story short if you've
00:46
been following my channel for any period
00:47
of time probably what brought a lot of
00:49
you guys to this channel was a certain
00:51
video that I uploaded where I snuck in
00:53
to a certain event may or may not have
00:55
been a residential property and the
00:58
person who owned that property did not
01:00
like the video that I made the video was
01:02
like the video is humorous there was no
01:04
dam like I didn't damage anything it was
01:06
purely for fun it was purely for content
01:08
however when you play on the line like a
01:09
lot of my content does this is the type
01:11
of thing that is sort of this is what
01:13
happens and the number one question that
01:14
I'm getting on social media on comments
01:17
here on DMS is what happened to said
01:20
video and basically what happened to
01:21
that video was I was contacted by this
01:23
individuals law team and asked to take
01:26
the video to take the video down
01:27
permanently off of any where the video
01:29
was hosted the video needed to be
01:30
deleted basically I posted this video
01:32
and the video got upwards of like
01:34
800,000 views in like five or six days
01:36
and I'm so glad like a lot of you guys
01:38
really enjoyed that video and I'm super
01:39
super glad about that and while this is
01:41
happening basically I was getting
01:43
notifications from YouTube saying that
01:45
somebody was filing privacy complaints
01:47
against the video and YouTube was doing
01:49
the right thing they were saying there's
01:50
nothing wrong with this video we're not
01:51
gonna take it down we're not gonna take
01:52
it down we're not gonna take it down and
01:54
that was until I received a letter in
01:57
the mail along with an email that
01:59
basically said that this individual will
02:01
plan to press charges and ask for
02:04
reimbursement if I were to not take the
02:06
video down and as a creator in that
02:08
moment
02:09
have this decision to make and like you
02:10
guys know me like my first thing is like
02:12
how can I raise the money or how can I
02:14
make enough money or can I make a video
02:16
series out of this that I could use that
02:18
money to fight this case and I really
02:20
thought about that like I was I was
02:21
trying to figure out like what I could
02:22
do that would raise a pretty enormous
02:25
amount of money I mean we're talking
02:26
like a six-figure amount here's what it
02:27
would take would it be like we could
02:29
sell merch around it we could I could
02:31
make videos about it in Amanat I I don't
02:33
know I was trying to figure it out but
02:34
at the end of the day I contacted my
02:35
lawyer had them talk to their lawyer and
02:37
they all agreed like the best thing to
02:39
do is just take the video down and
02:41
that's okay with me I think it's more of
02:42
a pride issue on my own of like the big
02:45
guys trying to push the small guy around
02:46
and at the same time I can't recognize
02:48
that my content is like on the edge I've
02:50
said this before that I do play on the
02:52
line and sometimes I might step over
02:55
that line sometimes I might go too far
02:56
on the safe side but that's like the
02:58
game of playing on the line like we do
03:00
here so I do understand some of that
03:02
from their point of view as well so at
03:03
the end of the day I took the video demo
03:05
of all social media platforms and
03:07
communication was done they also
03:09
mentioned in the freaking LAPD which
03:39
[Music]
03:43
yeah in that video isn't that crazy how
03:56
that works I apologize for the
03:58
inconvenience on you guys maybe next
04:08
time I'll do it as LAPD I'm joking I
04:13
would not do that
04:14
yeah I appreciate your understanding and
04:16
I think we do have this all taken care
04:17
of but thank you sir have a good day bye
04:19
and when I told people that I had to
04:21
take the video down a lot of their
04:22
responses were like they were like man
04:24
you should have just pushed through with
04:25
the lawsuit and it's like at the end of
04:27
the day man when I look at the YouTube
04:29
thing I think of it as a marathon not a
04:31
sprint
04:31
so like if the I'm let's just said the
04:34
name of the video haha
04:35
so at the end of the day if this video
04:37
was a tool that helped me get in front
04:40
of more audience and more people like
04:42
you guys who enjoy these videos then
04:43
that is a win in my eyes like that's a
04:45
huge win and I think it's important to
04:46
look at this video just as a tool that's
04:48
going to help the channel get from point
04:50
A to point B having gone through this
04:52
experience though it did open my eyes to
04:53
like what could happen if somebody did
04:55
decide to press charges
04:56
which brings me to package number two
04:58
okay here we go
05:00
dude this color sweet bro come on so
05:03
this all brings me to point number 2
05:04
which is the merchant the merchant is
05:06
something I'm gonna be using to support
05:07
the channel so that when crazy things
05:09
are like emergencies like this come up I
05:10
can actually like sort of battle those
05:12
things and I'm not just in a situation
05:14
where I have nothing to fight these case
05:16
like that way you know like this is
05:18
stuff that I will be wearing it's
05:19
freaking sweet dude I'm fired up about
05:21
if you can't tell so if you guys have
05:23
been enjoying the videos if you're a
05:24
short-term subscriber you've been here
05:26
for a while this is the best way to
05:27
support the channel the only way that
05:29
the channel is staying afloat right now
05:31
is through YouTube Adsense which we all
05:32
know is stunningly terrible which is
05:35
okay this is the game we're playing but
05:36
I also like it almost feels like I'm
05:38
asking permission from you guys I don't
05:39
want to water down I don't want to
05:40
degrade the value of the content but if
05:42
I do believe in a brand I would love to
05:44
be able to do like a brain deal here and
05:46
there and that like not upset you guys
05:48
like this type of stuff is going to help
05:50
me won escalate the level of the videos
05:52
even further than we already are
05:53
and then also prepare for situations
05:55
when crazy stuff like this happens I'm
05:58
so hot dude so yeah I have a discount
06:00
coupon code in the bio that you guys can
06:02
use to grab whatever you want and lastly
06:03
I just want to say thank you guys like
06:05
thank you so much for helping me do this
06:08
YouTube thing I've been wanting to do
06:10
the YouTube feed since I was literally
06:11
like a little kid I've been making
06:13
videos with my mom's camera since I was
06:14
freaking eight years old you know what I
06:16
mean so to be able to do this
06:18
as a job is insane and I have no one to
06:22
thank
06:22
but you guys which brings me to my third
06:24
package to conclude this episode I
06:27
literally waited for this video to do
06:28
this for you guys oh my gosh it makes me
06:31
emotional do like looking at this I do
06:34
look at this thing
06:35
look at this thing guys so yeah thank
06:37
you guys thank you guys this is the
06:39
coolest and one of the biggest questions
06:42
I get is like how do you start as a new
06:43
creator do you have any tips the only
06:45
two tips I have are be consistent and
06:47
create like nobody's watching that's it
06:49
I was making videos to the same caliber
06:51
that I make today when I had 200 and 300
06:53
subscribers and I was also making very
06:55
different videos it takes time it takes
06:57
consistency to figure out what type of
06:58
videos you want to make and then just
07:00
commit yourself to creating the best
07:01
possible videos you can when you think
07:03
of an idea take it to the next level and
07:05
then figure out how to do that anyway
07:07
guys I'm burning up in this thing thank
07:09
you for everything I hope this video
07:11
helps inform and yeah I'm gonna keep
07:13
figuring out how to make entertaining
07:14
videos during this quarantine I hope you
07:16
guys are staying safe doing well I love
07:18
you guys and I will see you in the next
07:19
one that's pretty much it I'm leaving
07:25
[Music]